---
layout: default
title:  "CTF Rules"
tags: 2019 rules
---

<section class="content-section bg-light" id="about">
        <div class="row">
            <div class="col-lg-10 mx-auto">
	    <h2>Equipment</h2>

Participants should come with:

<ul>
<li>A computer and its power cord</li>
<li>A USB to Micro USB cable</li>
<li>A smartphone (optional, but recommended)</li>
<li>A multiplug outlet (optional, but recommended)</li>
</ul>

Participants are free to use any software or equipment of their choice (e.g. disassembler, Kali, virtual machines, SD card...) provided it does not damage the target (see rules section below). Ask organizers if you are in doubt.

<h2>Rules</h2>

<ul>
<li>Competitors have to be physically present</li>
<li>Maximum number of 5 participants per team</li>
<li>During Ph0wn, for some specific challenges, participant may borrow equipment and smart devices for a given <i>time slot</i>. This equipment/device should <i>be handled with care</i> and <i>returned at the end of the time slot</i> in perfect working condition. Please discuss with the organizers if you have any question on what is permitted or not.
</li>
</ul>

It is <b>strictly prohibited and subject to disqualification</b> to:

<ul>
<li>Attack any machine other than the designated ones,</li>
<li>DoS Ph0wn CTF infrastructure or University,</li>
<li>Modify the scoreboard</li>
<li>Intentionally prevent other teams from flagging</li>
</ul>

<h2>Prizes</h2>

<i>This is a short explanation of how prizes are attributed.</i>
<br>

At the end of the CTF, on Ph0wn's CTF scoreboard, the 3 teams with the highest score are identified.
In case the score is equal, the first team to reach the score is considered as first.
<br>

<ul>
<li>The first team is called to select 5 prizes among a pool of available prizes.</li>
<li>Then, the second team is called to select 5 prizes among the remaining prizes.</li>
<li>Finally, the third team is called to select 5 prizes among the remaining prizes.</li>
</ul>
<br>

The prizes are usually provided by sponsors.
<br>
In case of insufficient prizes, those rules are subject to change.
<br>


If we have enough prizes, a <i>Rookie Prize</i> may be provided, we will announce this as soon as possible.


</div></div>
</section>
